Async Batch Docs (#9216)
medplum/medplum: packages/docs/docs/fhir-datastore/fhir-batch-requests.mdx

| Data must be available immediately | Sync (ensure quota headroom or raise [`userFhirQuota`](/docs/rate-limits#how-to-view-and-configure-fhir-quota-rate-limits)) |
| High-volume import where quota is the bottleneck | Async |

> For a full step-by-step (status URL and `Content-Location`, polling `GET …/job/{id}/status`, reading the results `Binary`, access policies, and edge cases), see **[Processing asynchronous bundles](/docs/fhir-datastore/processing-async-bundles)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full, step-by-step guide detailing how to submit and poll for the results of asynchronous operations, see **[Processing asynchronous bundles](/docs/fhir-datastore/processing-async-bundles)**.
```
